# Images for Fircosoft Web front-end
These image contain a tomcat server and a continuity deployed within

## How to auto-generate the imageData files and the artifacts files
To generate the imageData files and the references/artifacts files automaticcally, you can use the tool manifesto

    $ docker run -it --rm -e PRODUCT_VERSION='5.3.25.1' -e FRONTEND_VERSION='5.3.25.1' -v $(pwd):/shadoker -w /shadoker jenkins-deploy.fircosoft.net/shadoker/manifesto docker/continuity5/frontend/deployment-console-autogenerated/deployment-console-oracleclient.mjs

## How to build an image for a specific version of the DBClient
To assist in building the images, you can use the [shadoker-cli.sh](shadoker-cli.sh) script. See below for instructions and usage.

    $ ./shadoker-cli.sh ./shadoker-cli.sh docker build -d <my_image_name:my_tag>

See confluence page for more information : http://confluence.fircosoft.net/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=DTP&title=Shadoker+usage+for+development+teams

Or 

    $ ./shadoker-cli.sh -help

Ex:

    $ ./shadoker-cli.sh docker build -d jenkins-deploy.fircosoft.net/continuity5/deployment-console:5.3.25.1-centos7-oracleclient19.12.0.0.0-openjdk11-continuity5.3.25.1

## How to generate the refernces/images files after having build an image
To assist in generating the refernces/images file, you can use the [shadoker-cli.sh](shadoker-cli.sh) script. See below for instructions and usage.

    $ ./shadoker-cli.sh docker update jenkins-deploy.fircosoft.net/continuity5/verify-web:5.3.25.1-tomcat8.5.57-openjdk1.8-continuity5.3.25.1

Note : the image needs to be pushed in the Portus for this to work correctly.

## How to run the image
To run an image use the docker run command as follows.
SQL scripts stored in the volume will be executed after the deployment of the continuity.jar file into the db.
They will be executed in alphabetical order (test10.sql will executed before test2.sql). 

Ex:

    $ docker run \
        --name deployment-console \
        -e DB_HOST=quarouble.fircosoft.net \
        -e DB_PORT=1522 \
        -e DB_NAME=PDBORADEV \
        -e DB_USER=D_CTY_53X_999_EME \
        -e DB_PASSWORD=hello00 \
        -v $HOME/refdata/sql_scripts/:/opt/continuity/sql_scripts \
        --rm -it \
        jenkins-deploy.fircosoft.net/continuity5/deployment-console:5.3.25.1-centos7-oracleclient19.12.0.0.0-openjdk11-continuity5.3.25.1

    $ docker run \
        --name deployment-console \
        -e DB_HOST=vancouver.fircosoft.net \
        -e DB_PORT=1433 \
        -e DB_USER=DEV_USER \
        -e DB_PASSWORD=Hello00 \
        -e DB_NAME=CTY_53190_EME \
        -v $HOME/refdata/sql_scripts/:/opt/continuity/sql_scripts \
        --rm -it \
       jenkins-deploy.fircosoft.net/continuity5/deployment-console:5.3.25.1-centos7-sqlserverclient17.8.1.1-1-openjdk11-continuity5.3.25.1
